okay so once you've gone to hell and we
recharge your red hot shot and whatever
you need head through the portal and you
fight a couple dogs bird dogs pigeon
rats pigeon rats giant pigeon rights
rodents of unusual size ro us is what so
oh right princess bride got it and the
fire swamp right of course so you can
see those guys did some damage to the
girl in the bubble but she's but they
barely scratched her yeah hmm so they
can focus on him then instead of
focusing on killing you yeah but they're
not inclined to since you tear them up
oh it's kind of like they they go for
her she's in between you and her or that
make sense yeah right if you use her as
a shield he used Bayonetta his daughter
or her name's cerveza cerveza cervesa
okay you cervesa to make sure she's not
in between you and the dog oh my god
that Doug just hit my cervesa yeah so
this mission is protecting the cerveza
Oh at all costs mhm good mission
mmm it feels like this is getting kind
of repetitive in terms of the enemies
that you're fighting at this point in
game I mean I'm just sitting here
watching it so I don't really know but
it feels like you fight the same couple
enemies over and over and it gets kind
of uninteresting no no it stays fresh is
your plan yeah they're challenging
enough for it's fun I'd say even though
like you know their attacks by now and
they'll still get you they'll so catch
you off guard
so what's this guy doing he's trying to
get out of that building oh shit so now
you get to fight him he's like a big
version of the same guys who fought that
has that weak spot on his back not too
hard the wing between their legs yeah
and he has a pretty big like windup so
you know when to dodge okay just a hard
thing to dodge is if you're like near
his back sometimes swing to cervesa just
a little cutscene Oh No sometimes he'll
reach for you like reach behind his back
and that can be kind of hard to see
coming so besides that shouldn't have
too much trouble with this guy
likes to make it rain on them hoes on
that hope yeah specifically don't you
get them low enough bust out the climax
I don't think you could be any closer to
sing her vagina then just were yeah I
was a I think I saw a little bush there
no that was her hair pony then yeah pony
tail chomp chomp chomp bit chewy job yep
patchouli job okay so you save the kid
now also now you're fighting yourself so
turn into cougar mode and start chasing
yourself what you wait what you killing
yourself well a thing that looks exactly
like you Oh kind of like in Metroid evil
being and I was gonna say like Star Trek
where one person has a little mustache
oh the evil fairly the universe version
of yourself yeah so once you start
fighting her you'll realize that she's a
joy which is the kind of enemy that
boobs bounce on Oh red um with a
mustache well if you're playing on
normal this is the first time you
encounter a joy all those different
enemies on different difficulties no
just if you're playing on normal they
are you see certain enemies at different
points and if you plan hard it expects
that you've already seen all the enemies
so it gives you all of them right away
oh okay also the focus what's different
is 0 a different situation right and
like you were saying about the
repetitiveness this would be a brand new
enemy if he's your first time playing
the game
got it but since it's not you fought
them on the first level
alright
type simple enough mm-hmm now let me
guess we have to backcheck to find the
Alfea uh I think there's not one more
alpha my think it's a treasure chest oh
yes sweet
what's the okay so there's a chance this
week so that chest wasn't there before
so get the heart piece and head on
through